Update SECURITY.md for Fuji release due to recent change of docker-compose file (#2107)
edgexfoundry/edgex-go: SECURITY.md

1. The user needs to create an access token and associate every REST request with the security token
while sending the request. Use "admin" as group name below, as it is the privileged group in the default configuration of the proxy.
`<account>` below should be substituted for the desired account name (e.g., "mary", "iot_user", etc).

>     Due to different docker-compose file configuration the command may need to be adjusted. E.g, for docker compose file that comes from nightly-build folder, it may be necessary to upgrade the entry point of edgex-proxy to something like this:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Due to different docker-compose file configuration the command may need to be adjusted. E.g, for docker compose file that comes from nightly-build folder, it may be necessary to change the execution portion of the entry point of edgex-proxy to provide the proper command flags like this:
```

Author: Changed.
